README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

![GitHub Actions Workflow Status](https://github.com/nguyentamdat/my-site/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)
![Deploy Status](https://github.com/nguyentamdat/my-site/actions/workflows/pages.yml/badge.svg)

This site is automatically built and deployed to **GitHub Pages** using the `pages.yml` workflow.

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Set GitHub Pages base path

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

![GitHub Actions Workflow Status](https://github.com/nguyentamdat/my-site/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)
![Deploy Status](https://github.com/nguyentamdat/my-site/actions/workflows/pages.yml/badge.svg)

This site is automatically built and deployed to **GitHub Pages** using the `pages.yml` workflow.

The project uses Next.js export mode to generate static files. Because the site
is served from `/my-site` on GitHub Pages, `next.config.ts` sets `basePath` and
`assetPrefix` to `/my-site`. Running `npm run build` outputs the site to the
`out` directory, which the workflow publishes automatically. Update these paths
if you deploy to a different location.

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.
